In the empire of Ragnarok, lives a monster hunter named Anakin. He and his mother grew up in poverty, but Bjorn had great courage and bravery to hunt the most fearsome beasts of the 7 realms. Bjorn grew up with his best friend Obi-Wan who became a great wizard of celestial magic. 

  One full moon night, Bjorn annihilated a monster that had eaten many people in his village and displayed the animal's body around the village to celebrate his victory. What Anakin did not know was that the monster he annihilated was the son of an underworld beast rarely seen in the earthly world called Routrak.

  In revenge, the Routrak beast took the form of a beautiful woman who gradually captivated Anakin until the day Anakin introduced him to her mother at a dinner party. That night, the beautiful lady went to dinner at Anakin's home with his mother, the whole night was perfect. In an instant, Anakin got up to bring a gift he had made for his beloved but when he returned his mother had been cruelly murdered and the beautiful woman took her original form as a beast and said: \"Dirty human, you really thought everything was going to be fine after killing my son, I am Routrak, guardian of the underworld, and I curse you for this life and those that await you\".

  The beast escaped by smashing a window as Anakin knelt carrying his mother's body. In anger and thirst for vengeance, he swears by his mother to dedicate his life to hunting down the beast that killed his mother. He asks for help from his friend Obi-Wan who does not hesitate to accompany his great friend to hunt the beast.
